The Cyberpunk Trilogy
A Set of Three Campaigns by Antti Hukkanen
For CDogs by Ronny Wester

Author's Email address: ah58172@uta.fi

Description

The trilogy is, surprisingly, a "pack" of three very
loosely connected campaigns for CDogs. In fact, the only
connecting feature of these campaigns is the fact stated
in the title - namely, that they are set against a generic
cyberpunk background. Each explores one facet of life in a
high-tech low-life future world.

These were the first three campaigns I ever designed for
CDogs, so bear with me if they are not technically top-
notch throughout.

Actually, when I started Map over Gangland, the intention
was not to create a "cyberpunk trilogy". It just so happen-
ed that the first ideas I got were set in a cyberpunk
world. The genre has long fascinated me, so this was not
much of a surprise; and in any case, I am pretty pleased
with the end results. Hope you share my feelings. Enjoy.

Map over Gangland

As a gang member in the urban jungle of tomorrow's world,
life for you is often nasty, brutish, and short. So why
not grab the nearest blunt instrument and share the pain?

10 missions with low-end weaponry, easy to medium.

Stained Dollar Bills

The future offers unlimited opportunities for making mega-
bucks, without needing to concern oneself with such trifles
as the law or human rights. But the offer is open only to
the ruthless, and those tough enough to avoid being crushed
by a society stuck on fast-forward.

18 missions of medium-easy to hard difficulty.

Private Investigations

The file PI.TXT includes a fuller description of the
campaign. Suffice it to say here that the idea for this
detective story type game had been brewing in my mind for
at least three years; this is another genre I enjoy a lot.

6 missions with predetermined weapons, rather easy throughout.

Thanks Where Thanks are Due

To my brother Jussi, for the brilliant titles Map over
Gangland (his suggestion was "The Map of Gangland) and
Stained Dollar Bills;
To my love Susan, for not driving me off the computer on
all occasions;
To Ronny Wester for producing a most awesome action game
(and for foreseeing the need for a Difficulty scale before
I even realised needing one!);
and to Dire Straits for the utterly suitable lyrics for 
Private Investigations - and the name.
